So glad you're here with us this morning.
Wherever you're joining us from, my name is Jeff Brody.
I'm the lead pastor here at Connexus if we've never met and really looking forward to the morning with you.
If you're here today and you'd say, man, I don't normally find myself in church.
Somebody invited me or I came on Christmas Eve and I'm back.
Or maybe you wouldn't normally, you have questions about faith, about who Jesus is.
I want you to know, man, we're so glad you're on the journey with us.
There are lots of spaces and opportunities here for you to build relationships and ask your questions and really dig down on the Christian faith, who Jesus is.
So glad that you're here, excited you're on the journey.
If you normally attend Connections and you're back, happy new year.
So glad that you're here today as well.
We're kicking off a brand new series called Starve the Algorithm, Feed Your Soul.
And I want to start today by getting something out of the way.
I'm just going to say it right up front, because we all know it's true.
You spend too much time on your phone.
You know it's true.
Let's put it out there.
I know some of you have seen that.
Here's how many hours you spend on your phone.
You ever see that?
And you're like, that can't be right.
Right?
And you look at it, you think, some of you have been on your phone already, some of you have been searching, hey, how long are the sermons at this church?
All that kind of stuff.
We spend too much time on our phones.
There are a million stats that tell us that.
The average adult spends four to four and a half hours a day on their phone.
Pew Research just did a study that says 40% of adults would say, I'm constantly online to describe themselves.
We know we're spending a lot of time
on screens in our lives.
Okay, so we're gonna put that out there.
Now, what I'm not gonna talk about in this series is I'm not gonna talk about the algorithm and screens in your kids, because I've actually done that before.
You can go to connectschurch.com slash family and get what I think are the best resources for your family on that.
I'm not gonna talk about what the algorithm and screens are doing to your body.
We all know that the more we're on screens, the less we're probably moving.
I'm not gonna talk as much.
about screens and the algorithm in your mind, we will talk a little bit about that.
The question I wanna ask, the conversation I wanna have when it comes to the algorithm, these formulaic programs, AI that they have built in that continually feed us what we see, my question is what are the algorithms doing to your soul?
Because that's really what I care about most.
What are algorithms doing to your heart, to the essence and the spirit of who you are?
It's interesting to me, you know, when we want to feel better, when we want to escape a bad day, when we need a hit of dopamine, we want to feel a little bit better.
The first thing we grab is our phone.
And then we'll doom scroll for, we said 10 minutes, but it ends up being an hour.
And at the end, how do we feel?
Right?
Screens make us feel a number of different things and we know what they are.
Our screens make us feel more numb.
They make us feel more angry.
They make us feel more jealous.
They make us feel more afraid.
They make us feel more inadequate when we look at other people's lives.
They make us feel more restless.
They make us feel more anxious and honestly, they make us feel really tired.
What is going on?
What is going on with our souls?
King Solomon, whose scripture says it, is the wisest person who ever lived.
He wrote these proverbs and he has these proverbs where he talks about, in particular chapter four, he talks about what we see with our eyes and what we listen to with our ears and what we do with our body.
But at the heart of this passage, he says this.
He says, guard your heart above all else.
for it will determine the course of your life.
If you want to know, he's saying the wisest person who ever lived, if you want to know where your life is going, what's going on in your soul.
And in a day and age where we are constantly bombarded by the screens in our lives and the algorithms that drive us, I think we need to ask this question more now than ever.
See, our screens have always kind of been our lenses to see the world.
Let me give you some examples of lenses we've had.
We had the TV, some of you are alive when the first TV set arrived in people's homes.
That was before my time.
The internet, you could search and look for, okay, now we can look for what's going on in the world and see the world.
Then you had your phone, your iPhone, your smartphone, where you could now, in the palm of your hand, look at what's going on in the world.
Then you had social media.
Now you could actually subscribe to things and they would come to you automatically and you could look through that lens and now see the world.
And then you have this rise now of algorithms and AI.
And algorithms and AI along the way have really changed things.
Now, what's kind of happened over the course of time here as we've gotten more and more lenses is this, we've created really an attention economy.
Cal Newport wrote this book called Digital Minimalism, great book.
And I love this phrase, attention economy.
We've created this economy where feeds are coming into our life all the time and they're trying to get our attention.
And that has actually resulted in an atmosphere of intentional distraction.
They are trying to get your attention on purpose.
They are trying to distract you on purpose.
Why?
It's financially motivated, right?
They get to market their product.
It's product placement.
It's the pop-up you see at the bottom of the screen.
It's whatever it is to keep you on that feed so that they continue to sell to you.
They continue
to sell to you all the things that they want you to buy so they can continue to get your attention.
It's intentional, but something has changed.
The reason I think this conversation today is so important is because something has changed.
See, we've always had lenses to look at the world from the printing press to the rise of the iPhone.
But now something has changed.
Every screen is a lens that now looks back at you.
That's what's changed.
You think you're on your phone looking at what's going on in the world and learning what's going on out there and learning about all the best cat memes that are out there.
But what it's doing is it's studying you, what you hover, what you click, what you like, what video you're on for 2.1 seconds and what video you're on for 2.3 seconds.
It's learning.
We've all had that experience.
You know that day, you're just scrolling and you're not really paying attention.
And what always comes up, that video that you always stop for, right?
It's like the fast ball of the algorithm.
I know he'll stop for this one, right?
Cat videos.
He loves the cat videos.
Whatever it is for you, it's learning you, it's learning what it thinks you want for better or for worse.
What you're angry about, what you're afraid of, what makes you anxious, what makes you happy, what entertains you, what tempts you.
What's changed is that the lens you look at the world through is looking back at you and deciding what it is you want so that you will stay there.
We think we're distracted.
I hear people say, well, we're distracted.
Well, that's not really it.
I mean, we're not more distracted as much as we are more trained to focus now in a different way.
Shorter, quicker, more dopamine hits.
The more dopamine hits you can get, the more it can keep you on.
You like this political video?
I'll definitely show you that one.
You like that one?
I'll definitely show you this one.
And what it does is it creates a world of narcissists where we're all at the center of the attention.
And we think the world that we're being fed is the world that we actually live in.
But the algorithms out there are just looking at what it thinks you want and trying to give you more and more and more.
I wanna help us determine some of the cost of this.
Now, on the theme of cost, you did a survey today and the survey said this, if your favorite social media channel wasn't free, how much would you be willing to pay per month for it?
Okay, you're ready for the results of this?
How much would you be willing to pay?
Here we go.
Zero dollars, half the people.
Five dollars, 30% of the people.
10 dollars, 13%, 20 dollars, 9%.
The majority of us would pay zero to five dollars for our favorite social media app.
Now, somebody brought this to me.
It was so helpful to me.
Now, what I want you to do is just think, let's say you're the average person.
You spend four hours a day on your phone.
What is an hour of your time worth?
I'm gonna say $20.
So $20 an hour is what your time is worth, and you spend four hours a day on your phone.
That's $2,400 a month.
You could argue you are donating $2,400 a month worth of time to your social media
app.
It's convicting, right?
And you start to realize the value that you are placing on the apps in your life.
And I'm just telling you what it costs time-wise.
I'm just telling you what it costs financially, but I'm most concerned about what it's costing your soul and how it's actually shaping you.
That's my question in this series, in a world of AI and algorithms, how do we intentionally care for our souls?
That's the conversation I wanna have.
And today I wanna talk specifically about distraction, about focus and distraction.
And what we're gonna do is we're gonna look at the book of Colossians, Colossians chapter three,
And the apostle Paul writes this letter to this group of people in Colossae.
And what he wants to do is he wants to get a specific message to them.
You see, it's a great church.
They're doing well, but they live at a crossroads of culture.
So what's happening is there's a constant bombard of distraction coming at them.
First of all, there's a whole group of people who are saying, well, we know you guys follow Jesus, but there's a whole bunch more things you should be doing.
You don't eat the right things.
You don't have the right traditions.
You don't do the right things.
You're not doing enough.
And on the other hand, they had a Greco-Roman culture that said,
Do whatever you want that continue to tempt them with sex, with power, with money.
You do whatever feels right.
You need to do that.
And they're being distracted on both sides.
Sound familiar?
And they're lost.
They're lost in their distraction.
And Paul wants to course correct them on how to survive the distraction they're experiencing.
And this is what he says in Colossians chapter three.
He says,
Since you have been raised to new life with Christ, set your sights on the realities of heaven where Christ sits in the place of honor at God's right hand.
Now, if you're new to church, you're new to faith, let me just explain this to you.
What happens is you've got Jesus, God's Son, who comes to earth and a group of human beings who walk with him and see him die and see him rise again.
And they realize that he is who he said he was.
And what happens is he returns to heaven.
He says, I'm going to come back.
And they experienced through his spirit that their lives are still being changed, that they are continuing to be changed and transformed.
And we're still experiencing that today.
And what happens is Paul is reminding them, listen, in the midst of the distraction, I want you to refocus your sights on Christ.
Set your sights on the things of Jesus and the realities of heaven.
Not all the distractions around you.
I want you to set your sights on what Jesus wants for your life.
I want you to set your sights on what God actually wants for you.
I want you to set your sights on the way Jesus wants to change and transform.
You get yourself refocused.
What's interesting to me is what Paul, Paul comes with a carrot and not a stick.
Paul comes, he doesn't say you guys need to
Shape up.
You guys are way out of line.
That's not what he says.
What's he saying?
He's saying, you guys are distracted.
He's saying, you guys are not rebellious, you're distracted.
I actually think that describes many of us that potentially today you are more distracted than you are rebellious.
Most of you didn't walk into rooms today.
and say, you know what?
The reason I'm in church is because I hate God and I just wanna do the opposite of what he says.
That's probably not why you're here.
That whatever scripture says, I'm gonna run the other way.
I just wanna thumb my nose in God's face.
You're not rebellious.
You're not missing out on what God has for your life because you were rebellious.
We're often missing out on what God has for our lives because we're distracted.
And that's what's happening to the Colossians.
And that makes a lot of sense when you're being bombarded on every screen by everyone like the Colossians telling you what you should do and you shouldn't do and where you should be and where you should measure up and all of these things.
And at the end of the day, you're more distracted than you are rebellious that we're intentionally being distracted.
I was on my phone the other day.
I went to check the time.
You ever done that?
12 minutes later, I'm watching some guy power wash his driveway in Florida, right?
I'm not missing out on life because I'm rebellious.
I'm missing out because I'm distracted.
And then he says this, he says, think about the things of heaven, not the things of earth, for you died to this life and your real life is hidden with Christ in God.
He's like, man, you gotta keep your mind on the things that are most important
the love of God, what he wants for your life, for the peace he wants to build into your heart that ultimately he made you and designed you and knows the kind of life under which you are going to thrive.
And he says, man, you got to have your head, you got to have your head there.
Now he says the things of heaven.
He's not saying, hey, be so heavenly minded.
You're not earthly good.
What he's saying is, man, think of the things of God and what he wants for your life.
And then I love this phrase, your real life is hidden with Christ.
Your real life is hidden with Christ.
What does he mean by that?
It's part of it to me is, you know what?
There's some things that are more important than platforms and celebrity and public recognition.
What's more important is where you're hidden, who you're with.
that we are hidden with Christ, that when God, when we choose to give our lives to Jesus, when God looks at us, he sees us like Jesus, we are hidden in him.
He's saying, guys, set your sights on that.
That's where real life is.
That's the thriving you're looking for.
You gotta refocus.
What's he trying to get at?
He's trying to get at this.
What you focus on is gonna form you.
where you put your attention is gonna shape you, that your soul is being formed and he's saying, guys, you're so everywhere, trying to figure out what everyone is storing at, you're trying to get your attention, set your sights on the thing that really matters.
See, this is the thing.
Distraction is no longer intentional, it's actually formational.
that the distraction that algorithms throw at us aren't just trying to intentionally distract us, they're actually shaping us.
I remember when social media came out as a pastor, I was so excited because I could see what other churches were doing and I could learn from them.
You know what's in a pastor's social media feed today?
A bunch of people telling me how I don't do the job right.
And it shapes me.
If I'm not careful, it forms me.
It makes me think a certain way.
Now, it's forming you.
Your feed forms you around body image.
Your form feeds you around how you're inadequate as a husband or a wife or a parent.
It's constantly shaping you, telling you to do more, to be like this.
and it's constantly learning you and giving you more.
You know what?
I turned 50 this year.
You know what's in my feed now?
Tai Chi videos.
These guys telling me I need to do Tai Chi, right?
I guarantee if you're 15, you have no Tai Chi videos in your feed.
And do they show overweight guys doing Tai Chi?
No.
Super ripped Asian guys, right?
And it forms you.
If you look at that and you start to say, man, like, I need to get in shape or I need to do this or it shapes how you see yourself.
Listen, if you do not think that your feed is, if you don't think it's forming you, your head is in the sand.
And Paul is saying to you what you focus on forms you.
Set your sights on that.
I'm going to jump off the stage.
Set your sights.
Yeah.
I'm excited to say, set your sights, set your sights on the things of Christ who wants what's best for you.
And then he says this, and when Christ who is your life is revealed to the whole world, you will share in all his glory.
What's he saying?
He's saying at the end of your life, if you do this, you will look back and realize you did what really mattered.
And I know that at the end of your life, that is what you will want.
You will not say, can you give me the count of how many likes I got on that video I posted?
You will not.
You will say, man, did I do the things that mattered?
Was I tenderhearted?
Was I compassionate?
Was I loving?
Was I peaceful?
Did God change my life?
Listen, let me show you what Paul is trying to do here.
There's an author of a kid's book called The Little Prince.
Anybody know that book?
A few people?
He has this quote that gives you such a picture of what Paul is trying to do here.
He says this, he says, if you wanna build a ship,
Don't drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work and give the orders.
Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea.
What Paul's trying to say here is, listen, all of this distraction that's around you and you're running around and you're running around and you're running around, he says the best way to start building your ship is to yearn for the thing that matters most.
set your sights on Christ and dream about what he might have for your life.
And I think what Paul knows when it comes to what we focus on forms us, the interesting thing about what we want, what you want actually forms your rituals, you know that?
That you have rituals and routines in your life and what you want actually begins to form those.
And he's saying, that's why you need to focus.
What you really want is to have your eyes on Christ.
What you want starts to form your rituals.
I'll give you an example of this.
Over a year ago, I decided I wanted to get healthier.
So I have rituals around that.
I get up every morning, I weigh myself, then I go downstairs and I have my protein shake with my creatine.
Creatine people don't email me, okay?
I have my supplements.
I sit in my green chair.
I read my Bible and I pray that is my morning ritual because of what I want.
You have all kinds of morning rituals.
all kinds of rituals in your life, rituals around how you take your kids to school, rituals around what you put on in the car when you drive, rituals around when you shop on Amazon and how you shop, rituals around what you do in the evening.
And the rituals are what you actually do, not what you know you should do, right?
For some of us, our ritual is two hours Netflix and a bowl of chips.
That's also a ritual, right?
Praise God for the chips.
But that actually forms you, right?
You do that night after night, it shapes your life.
What you want forms your rituals, and your rituals ultimately form your life.
Your rituals form your life.
They begin to shape you and make you who you are.
And what Paul is trying to help them with is, man, you gotta focus on the big picture here.
You gotta focus on what you really want before you create your rituals.
Here's my question for you today.
What is your screen ritual?
What does it look like?
How often are you on?
When are you on?
What are you looking at?
Why are you looking at it?
What does it actually say about what's happening to your soul?
Then what Paul does is he starts to give some concrete examples about why this is so important.
He says this.
He says, so you got to put to death the sinful earthly things lurking within you have nothing to do with sexual immorality, impurity, lust and evil desires.
He's talking about putting off your old rituals.
And it's interesting this passage in particular focuses on sexual temptation and lust itself, which to me is one of the major struggles that we have with the constant algorithm feeds.
Because what the algorithm does is it's pulling out of you the parts of you that are destructive sometimes, right?
If you struggle with pornography, it's going to give you more pornography.
If you look at celebrities, but actually what you're doing is comparing them to your husband, that's not a healthy thing.
That's lust and it's pulling it out of you.
When you look and you go, man, I love that car.
I love that house.
And now you're focused on,
Man, you're not enough and you gotta get this thing and you gotta measure up and you're all of that lust, that is unhealthy.
He's saying, man, you gotta leave that ritual behind.
You gotta leave that behind in your life.
And then he says this, don't be greedy.
Don't be greedy for a greedy person is an idolaturer that we all have idols in our life.
A simple definition of an idol is when we worship the gift over the giver of the gift.
And what happens is,
Algorithms know the more it feeds your idol, the more it does that, the more you're going to look.
Whether your idol is money or whether it's power or whether for you it's success, whatever the idol is for you, he's saying, man, you got to be so careful.
He says, worshiping the things of this world, you gotta be careful because of, and then he says this, because of these things, the anger of God is coming.
What does he mean by that?
Anger of God is coming.
Some translations say the wrath of God.
It doesn't mean God.
Some people are like, oh, does that mean God stomping around angry in heaven?
That's not what it means.
What he's saying is, man, at a certain point, if you keep pursuing these things, God's gonna step out and you're gonna face the full consequences of them.
He says, you used to do these things when your life was still part of this world.
But now it's time to get rid of anger, rage, malicious behavior, slander, and dirty language.
Man, this to me is the online world sometimes, isn't it?
Right?
You're like, wow, you know, I'm just gonna check my phone for a minute.
I just gotta send one text.
And the next thing you know, you're in an argument with maple leaves, one, nine, six, eight, and you're telling them like, they don't know anything about who the greatest leaf was.
And then now they're saying like, you don't know it.
And all of a sudden you're like, what happened?
You see the net, like don't look at the comments, right?
How many times have we heard that?
But we look at the comments and we see that and deep fakes and the lies that are out there.
He says, don't lie to each other.
We're going to talk about some of that anger and that lie stuff next week.
And then he says, for you stripped off your old sinful nature and all its wicked deeds.
He's saying, leave those rituals behind.
You gotta leave those behind.
And then he says this, and put on a new nature and be renewed as you learn to know your Creator and become like Him.
Put on a new nature, new rituals, new habits, new routines that in turn will set your sights on Christ.
And then he says this, in this new life,
It doesn't matter if you're Jew or Gentile, circumcised or uncircumcised, barbaric, uncivilized, slave or free.
What's he trying to get out here?
He's saying, listen, this is good news for everybody.
That when Jesus says, I'm the way, the truth and the life, it's not exclusive, it's inclusive.
He's saying, everybody's welcome to follow me.
And then he says this, this is the most important thing.
This is what's for everyone.
Christ is all that matters and he lives in all of us.
And that's the thing we wanna be focused on.
in our lives, he said, you got to get refocus, leave those rituals behind, get refocus on what God wants for your life.
Listen, if you're here today and you would say, hey, I'm exploring faith, maybe you kind of know the basics of Christianity.
The idea that we are broken and sinful people in a broken and sinful world.
And that Jesus is, that God is perfect.
And he sent his son, Jesus, to walk up, live a perfect life that you and I couldn't live.
and die for our sins, and then rose again.
So when we follow Him, that we can have eternal life, that we can actually connect with God and have a relationship with Him.
But can I tell you, there's even more to it than that, to me is so incredibly exciting.
Steve Cuss has this quote that I love.
He says this, he says, the miracle of salvation
Isn't that Jesus stops us from sinning or being tempted to sin?
It's that Jesus changes what our heart wants.
That's what Paul is saying here.
Set your eyes on Jesus because he's gonna change what your heart wants.
See, the algorithm is trying to figure out what your heart wants.
all the unhealthy things that are in there, the things that contempt you.
And also just plain old cat memes, let's be honest.
But Jesus wants to actually change what your heart wants.
The love, the peace, the joy, the thing that you long for, the hole that you're trying to fill as you doom scroll day after day, that's what he's after.
He can change that.
And then he says this, since God chose you to be the holy people he loves, you must clothe yourselves.
Now he's talking about putting on rituals.
You left those old ones behind, put on the new ones, clothe yourselves with tenderhearted mercy, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience.
Man, this is what you really want.
This is the kind of person you want to become.
Set your sights on Jesus.
He wants that for you.
He says, make allowance for each other's faults, forgive anyone who offend you.
Remember that God forgave you, so you must forgive others.
Man, the power of forgiveness, the ability to forgive, truly forgive.
And then he says, above all, clothe yourselves with love which binds us together in perfect harmony.
And then he says this, and let the peace that comes from Christ
rule in your hearts.
Man, isn't that what so many of you want?
The peace.
That whole that you try to fill by scrolling, by looking, by scrambling in a distraction world, he says, set your sights on Christ and find the peace you're actually looking for.
And then he says this, for as members of one body, you're called to live in peace because they're a body of church, a group of people.
and always be thankful.
And then he says this, he says, let the message about Christ in all its richness.
When I think of richness, you know what I think of?
I think of like chocolate cake.
The decadency and the denseness and the richness and the enjoyment
Man, he's like, let that kind of thing fill your life.
I'm not talking about a chocolate cake filling your stomach.
I'm talking about the savior of the world filling that hole in your heart with a richness and a peace.
He's like, man, he's begging you.
You focus on forms, you set your sights on Christ.
That's what you really want.
And then he gives a list of
You could say rituals, things that we're even doing this morning, like teaching counsel each other with all the wisdom he gives.
That's what I'm doing now.
Small groups are gonna meet this week.
You guys are gonna have discussion and teach one another.
He says, sing psalms and hymns and spiritual songs to God with thankful hearts.
We did that today.
Some of you do that in your car, poorly, but you do it every day.
That's fine, singing with glad heart, that's fine.
And whatever,
Whatever you do or say, do it as a representative of the Lord.
Give thanks through him to God, the Father.
Man, Paul is like, set your sights on Christ.
Know the richness of Christ.
Know the peace of Christ.
What's he getting at?
He's saying what you focus on forms you.
What you focus on is forming you.
So there's a side of that of rituals you need to leave behind, but there's a side of that.
That is, man, if you focus on Christ, he wants to fill you with the peace you're looking for, the love you wish you had, the forgiveness you don't have the strength to do, the peace that your heart yearns for, the tender heartiness that you wish you could have after all the hurt you've faced.
He wants to give that to you, but he needs your focus.
James Smith, he wrote this book called You Are What You Love.
It's been a really helpful book to me.
And he says this, he says, Jesus is a teacher who doesn't just inform our intellect, but forms our very loves.
If you're here today, and you've got a lot of questions, questions about like, how can I trust the Bible?
How do I know the resurrection really happened?
I don't understand how like a God could send a son and forgive sins.
And like, you've got a lot of,
of mental philosophical questions, I think that's awesome.
And we have lots of spaces here where you can ask those questions and explore.
I believe after a lifetime of following Jesus that it stands up, the Christian faith stands up to the intellectual rigor.
And I would encourage you to go on that journey, you have to.
But what James Smith is getting at is once you get there, that's not even the best part.
It's that Jesus actually shapes and changes what you really love.
From the things that hurt you and break you and are destructive in your life, to the things that give you what you really wanted in the first place.
He says he isn't content to simply deposit new ideas in your mind.
The Christian faith is not self-help.
It's not five better ways to live your life.
He says he's after nothing less than your wants.
your loves and your longings.
Jesus changes what your heart wants.
And at the end of the day, He made you, He designed you, and He wants the things you actually want in your own heart.
So back to my question.
What's your screen ritual?
See, today I could have come, and I thought about this, if I'm honest, I could have come with tips and tricks to get off your phone, put it on grayscale, chain it in a box, give it to your wife, hide it, get this app.
I don't know about you, but getting another app doesn't fix my phone problem.
Here's why I didn't do that.
Because it rarely works long term.
You know how I know that?
Because none of those things work for me either.
But what Paul would say is fix your eyes on Jesus and let him change what your heart wants.
If you want to build a ship
Focus your heart on a yearning for the adventure of the sea.
And then you'll build the kind of ship you really actually need.
Paul's saying, focus your eyes on Christ.
And when you do, ask him to change the longings of your heart.
And as you do that,
put off the old rituals and put on the new.
And I'm gonna ask you to do something challenging this week.
I'm sure you probably came here and thought, oh, I know what he's gonna do, like phone fast or whatever.
That's not what we're gonna do.
When you're on your screen this week, I want you to ask yourself three questions.
This is the first one.
When do you look at screens?
Is it first thing in the morning?
Does your phone gets the first fruits and God gets the rest?
When do you look at your screen?
Is it when you wanna escape from something?
Is it when your kids are around but they're not engaging you?
Is it when you're standing in the grocery line because you have social anxiety that somebody might actually talk to you?
Is it because you're hurt?
Is it because you need to be numbed?
Listen, some of you are afraid to go to the bathroom without your phone.
How did that happen to us?
When do you look at your screens?
And then why?
Why are you looking at your screen?
What are you going there for?
What are you trying to find there?
What are you hoping will entertain you there?
What are you escaping from?
Why are you leaving the people who are present around you to go to that phone?
What is it that is actually drawing your soul there?
And then what are you looking at on your screens?
What actually are you looking at?
What actually are you spending your time looking at?
And what is that actually doing for your soul?
I think it's an important question.
Here's the thing.
What it really comes down to is what do you want?
What do you want?
And the thing is, is that if you want your life changed, if you want your longings changed, if you want your loves changed, if you want tenderheartedness and peace and compassion and love
in your life.
If you don't want to be afraid anymore, if you don't want to be tired anymore, if you want a heart that understands the richness of the presence of Christ and the peace that passes all understanding, Paul says, focus your eyes on him.
And the reason I want to have this conversation is just honestly because I care about your soul.
just I personally I do.
And I want to see you with a soul that understands the richness of who Jesus is.
And focuses on him because what you focus on will form you.
And what an opportunity we have to be formed by the God of the universe who ultimately knows what's best for us.
and wants for you what you want anyway.
Let's pray together.
God, we come to you today and we thank you for the gift of your son Jesus and your death on the cross.
his death and the cross, his resurrection, forgiveness of sin, and all of that means to our lives, and the adventure of following him.
But God, I confess that at times in my life, I get distracted.
And I'm not missing out on you necessarily because I'm rebellious, but I'm rebellious in my distraction.
Thank you that you don't leave me there.
That as I focus my eyes on you, that you have the power to change the longings of my heart, what I want aligning my heart with you.
That we might experience what we're actually looking for.
God, may we look back at the end of our lives, on our lives before we step into eternity and say,
My heart was changed.
I know the richness of Christ and the peace that he provides that I am hidden with him.
And my eyes are focused on him to the end.
And I pray this in your name.
Amen.